ladies and gentlemen welcome to another
video of teasers gameplay and my
beautiful beautiful country alright
sound okay anyway we are on some team
deathmatch playing grandma on wmd we're
rolling some pretty nice killstreaks
which will be seeing a lot just elena
and you know we're rolling seven nine
and eleven all three choppers and
hardline pro so it's six eight ten which
as you will see helps tremendously boat
back to odd one hardline is obviously
working very well and oh my god how did
you miss that anyway uh yeah hardline
it's going to bring the kills down you
don't have to sit in a quantum thing oh
my god only one more kill you can just
get the kill straight there so its hard
line makes it a tad easier he's got
claim was on which you saw him plant
earlier claymores are horribly horribly
overpowered but there you go so is the
mp5k i mean i know i shouldn't say this
but this is a really new be class but
then again he's got seriously high
killstreaks on so it evens out there's
number two is that number to vienna mati
that's chopper gunner ernst two guys are
there your stock boom anyway one more
kill for is big chopper ass dar fucker
mother yeah big ass thing and there's a
claim will kill there you go to deadly
you're like a same claim was way too
powerful I start walking through
doorways and it just blows this shit on
me but then again everyone else just
walks through mine I mean I don't know
what the trick to claymores is I'm
usually used to hearing a click and then
they go off but whatever
me personally I've not had this kill
streak yet the gunship but I know you
can fight yourself I mean that's
obviously going to help because like in
warfare two you used to have to wait for
it to drive you somewhere then you start
shooting and you know that was annoying
but now you can drive yourself as
beautiful oh hopefully he'll wrap up
some kills here I think it's actually a
lot more clearer than more for two as in
you know easy to see instead of no I'm
trying to say you know the aiming thing
the little crosshairs in the middle I'm
pretty sure you can put those crosses on
your rack t'kul red dot or whatnot but
yeah a tropic one of this actually locks
at the last a long time for saying such
a deadly kill streak in that's such a
long time now we're out of it what that
cameras over used as well just to say
the orange tiger I've seen so many
people with that thing I think people
should start experiencing some more
colors on their guns anyway here's what
I first thought was an ac-130 isn't so
he's basically actually the exact same
thing this kill streak I actually know
this is a fact bullet takes one less
kill so you know you have to fire a few
more bullets to kill them unlike the
gunship but now everyone's worked out
that this the Jesus racking them up with
his chopper chopper ownage and this side
going inside or he doesn't party as a
chopper but i'm sure you can see that it
does not use a chopper their orders
running inside but yeah you can clearly
see this weaker than that the chopper
knots traffic on at the air gunship so
it's harder to use is pretty much the
kill feed let's just leave it there
someone just left the game I don't blame
them when you get in porn like this I'd
leave the game as well
I'm more of a a 3 killstreak kind of
person i usually get three girls that I
die so I keep it to the year spy plane
so that you know when I do respawn up
and go kill them again and get another
spy plane whereas if I'm using the RC
car it crap in my opinion but yeah it is
called in his third chopper or the seven
kills reek but for him six with his
hardline so that's not going to do some
terror not as much terror as all the
others have been doing but whatever the
map itself I'm not a fan of it I'm not
sure why it's just I just don't like it
it seems like there's too many places to
hide usually when I want this my people
sitting in corners you stuff like that I
mean Treyarch said that they not let
killstreaks lead on to more killstreaks
because it because too many people were
camping because of it what kind what was
going through his mind when he thought
that if you now have to get more kills
to get your killstreak you're going to
sit in that corner for a lot longer and
you're going to sit there and be
determined if somebody wants dogs
they're going to sit there until they
get dogs it's as simple as that I would
if I could be bothered to sit there for
that long but on PA me being on ps3 i'm
lagging so there's no point of me
sitting in that corner because they
always come around the corner and kill
me before I've even seen them so you
know bonus so instead what I try and do
is or after just now unlocking the
sniper I've run around in basically no
scope because you can't do anything else
in wager matches are fun I've been doing
a lot of them well sir oh and there
summer diese might be somewhere near
machinima now we don't know might be
that guy almost failed like he'll want
it running into a claim over to he
watched being planted but yeah these
videos that you watching now they're
going to be uploaded weekly you should
obviously check them out because they've
got my sexy voice on them and yeah he's
a gameplay seems like a tlg his is
joined one of teasers friends something
I'm not like I wish they'd got rid of
that from black ops so the joining
session all you have to do is going to
someone's play a card and then join it
I'm not fun enough but yeah more game
please to come guys remember to
subscribe to both of us yes I've grabbed
me as well yeah okay see another time
guys see you later